This Implementation was developed by Jonathan Chen and Hridhay Suresh.

To run this implementation you must have haskell, the Z3 library, and Containers installed.

We imported various libraries into their specific files.  

Once the Z3 library is installed you will need to include Z3 as a library in your extra-include-dirs and your extra-lib-dirs inside of your stack.yaml file.  

Once the above task is completed, you will then need to run the "stack build" command.

Following the stack build command, you will need to then run the command "stack run /path/to/program.imp" with "/path/to/program.imp" being the file path to the .imp benchmark file that you would like to run.

We have provided six benchmark tests.  All of our tests are valid.  All of the benchmark tests are in the project_1/proj1/benchmarks/user_generated/valid folder.

# Getting Started

Begin by [installing Stack](https://docs.haskellstack.org/en/stable/install_and_upgrade) on your local machine.

Then, run `stack build`. This will do several things:
- install GHC (the Glaglow Haskell Compiler)
- install any required dependencies of the project (in this case, `alex` and `happy` build tools, and `base` and `array` libraries)
- build the project

You can then run the executable generated by the above command using `stack exec vcgen`. You can build and run at once with `stack run`. Run the test suite using `stack test`.

# Design

Briefly, this template provides three components: the executable `app`, the verifying library `src`, and the test suite `test`. You should only need to modify `src` to implement the assignment, but you may wish to modify `test`, as detailed in the subsection below.

## `app`

This directory provides the top-level executable for the package. It reads a file name from the command-line arguments, reads the file's text, and passes that text to the library's exported `verify` function. It then prints the appropriate text based on this function's returned value.

## `src`

This directory provides the verifying library that contains the bulk of the logic for this package. We have provided a top-level interface in `Verify.hs` that is called from the executable and the test suite. There is also a parser and lexer in the `Parser` subdirectory that you will need to modify to add some logical constructs. These are written in [happy](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/happy) and [alex](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/alex), respectively.

## `test`

This directory provides a basic test suite that collects programs from the `benchmarks` directory and executes your implementation over them. It confirms that all verifiable programs are verified and vice versa. You can add your custom benchmarks to the appropriate directory. Also feel free to add more granular tests to the suite in `Spec.hs`.

# Continuous Integration

This repository provides a GitHub workflow that is triggered on every push to the `main` branch on the GitHub remote. The workflow checks out the latest commit on the `main` branch and run `stack test`. It also provides access to Z3, a SMT solver, on your `PATH` with the name `z3`. Feel free to set up a different SMT solver if that is what you choose to use.

